- ### NOW [[🤔still working through]] whether DH should keep different version of hierarchy structure revision, if yes, then how?
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 16:14:55]
  :END:
	- Question to answer: how do we make system-parthood queries based on the existing WMS hierarchy and alternatively, based on the hierarchy with changes proposed by another project
-
- ### [[🤔still thinking about]] what properties should not be considered as manifestations
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 16:19:21]
  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 16:19:34]
  :END:
	- certainly those properties and relation that change through out life-time, e.g., condition, or location, are manifestation, but what about
		- entity number (or name) - they could change like a person's name could change.
			- I am thinking that there could be new manifestations, through a process call "revision"
		- events
			- should not be considered as a manifestation - it is something that happens, but does not last, therefore not a state of the asset
			- NOW How should events be modelled?
			  :LOGBOOK:
			  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 16:34:30]
			  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 16:34:39]
			  :END:
- ### NOW #[[🤔still thinking about]] what does the manifestation chain look like for entity number or description?
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 17:23:17]
  :END:
	- Should there be a single chain? or chain for each record? or just the present value for each record?
- ### NOW [[🤔still thinking about]] what kind of trust information we should embed into a manifestation
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 16:49:46]
  :END:
	- should it be about whether the claim has gone through a certain type of verification process (e.g. eye witness, sampling )
	- it may be relevant to know the person or party who had performed the validation
	- trust, in the context of data hub, may be equivalent to a confidence in the process or person reliability to validates the veracity of a fact (a given manifestation).
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 21:39:23]
	  :END:
- ### NOW #[[🤔still thinking about]] the fact that many transactions are captured against roles, when they are in fact about the asset serving in that role.  How should we store that information in the data hub, considering we may need to make corrections.
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-08-01 Tue 18:45:39]
  :END:
-