### [[🧠to keep in mind/for future development]] : what you can do and cannot do [[manifestation]] and non-functional properties
initiative:: [[initiative/datahub/modeling]] 
keep-until-date::
embedded-in-mind:: no
review-on-date::
	- Contrary to Tony's previous assertion, you can
		- capture non-functional property as manifestation. For example, you can capture the association between a particular tire and a particular car, and the duration of the association using a manifestation.
	- However, you cannot,
		- Capture hasNextManifestion or hasPreviousManifestation between two non-functional manifestations.  Using the car and tire example, if we are trying to track the history of hasTire property, you cannot be sure that successive manifestations are about who happened in the same wheel-well.
			- NOW [[Sep 24th, 2023]] - TH is raising to following point that challenges the parent assertion, this should be clarified with MK is discussion
			  :LOGBOOK:
			  CLOCK: [2023-09-24 Sun 22:07:49]
			  :END:
				- For non-functional properties you would not know when a manifestation (e.g. the pairing between a tire and a wheel-well) is coming to an end. You would only know from the data that a tire had been added or a tire had been removed, but you would not know if they are the same tire. As such, changes to non-functional manifestation should be modelled as events.
	-
- ### [[👩🏻‍⚖️decision]] to focus on the implementation before Megan's leave
  initiative:: [[initiative/project management]] 
  fully-executed::
  tentative:: yes
  still-relevant:: yes
  review-on-date::
	- We have decided to de-emphasize further and deeper work on modeling that have no implication on the first iteration of implementation before Megan's leave. For example, how we label manifestation to indicate review status, links between manifestation,
	- We decided to adopt the following step
		- When modeling tasks come up, consider if it is relevant for current or future work.
		- If it is not relevant, document it as a "keep in mind" in LogSeq
		- Have shorter daily meetings, focus on implementation progress
		- Orient the Friday meeting around practical hand over of work. For example, how a feature have been implemented, where the source code can be found, the folder organization, sometimes how the code works.
-
- ### [[🧠to keep in mind/for future development]]  - justification for connecting property [[manifestation]]s using hasNextManifestation relations 
  initiative:: [[initiative/datahub/modeling]] 
  keep-until-date::
  embedded-in-mind:: no
  review-on-date::
	- To preserve history of what was regarded as current manifestation, at any point in time
	- Tony has proposed that linking manifestation is not useful for the current use-cases. Megan raise the point above, which would help the user investigating asset history. When a user encounters a point where there are conflicting manifestation, they may not interested in examining the provenance information. They may simply want to have a simple sequence of manifestations, regarded as current at that point in time.